# planning meeting
## 2019-06-20

### agenda 

- We are currently proposing a date in November 2019, probably should settle on a date (ideally not the first two weeks of November cause I am in Cambodia...)
- The event can be held at Bath, however, we need to liaise with Bath people regarding this. Previously Fiona Dickinson suggested that the Faculty of Science was happy to support with a room, etc.
- Need to have some level of direction of the content we want to develop. Previously we discussed starting a content library for chemical education, e.g. the subject matter could be really anything from chemistry.
- Does anyone have experience with the sort of shape a hackathon should take; in my head I envision some pre-event training (git, maybe basic python) for people to work on before hand, at the event the attendees would work on problems that interest them (we should have a list of problems to work on maybe) in groups, maybe with a group of "supervisors" to do a first pass code review (this would be beneficial for students of programming to work towards "best practice")...

### present 

- Ben Morgan (BJM)
- Natalie Fay (NF)
- Chris Adams (CA)
- Andrew McKinley (AM)
- Andrew McCluskey (ARM)

### apologies 

- Joao Malhado (JM)

### minutes